<source type="youtube_transcript" url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mBz-8t4coE&amp;ab_channel=Nischa">
<transcript>
before we get into this video I have
something very exciting I want to share
with you it's around this time of the
year where everyone starts setting their
New Year's goals but only 80% of people
actually go on to achieve them whether
it's starting a side business saving
more money learning a new skill they end
up in this frustrating cycle of setting
new goals every year but never quite
reaching them why because it's not just
about hard work or willpower and more
often than not their money system is
completely out of sync with their goals
and that quite misalignment is what's
all Tim holding them back that's why on
Sunday January the 5th I'm hosting a
completely free 75-minute Workshop to
show you exactly how to use your money
to achieve your goals this coming year
if you want to join is completely free
and you can reserve your sport by going
to Nish show.me sles your 2025 now let's
get into the video I recently made a
video on nine income streams that I
started in the past 2 years and since
then I've received so many comments and
messages for more side hustle ideas and
so in this video I'm going to share 10
of what I believe are the best side
hustles for the year ahead and I've
categorized them into digital
service-based and creative side hustles
I've also given each idea a ranking in
terms of time investment and how hard it
is to earn your first $100 plus I'll
share real life examples along the way
so you can get a realistic idea of
what's possible let's start with digital
side hustles these are perfect for you
if you want to make money online without
leaving your home to do this here are
some of the strongest ways that I found
firstly AI content creation Services I
specifically mentioned AI because it has
massively lowered the barrier to entry
for creating content it's now easier
than ever for people to create high
quality content for other businesses
without having years of experience
there's tools like Jasper AI mid Journey
Chad GPT that allow you to create blogs
and social media posts and marketing
copy and even product descriptions very
very quickly and this is where the Gap
is there's so many businesses that need
content but simply just don't have the
time or the expertise to create it
themselves small business owners in
particular they're juggling so many
tasks at once they know how important
good content is for bringing in
customers but it's just not a priority
when they're so busy running the
business so this is where you could come
in and step in and do this for them in
terms of time intensity I give this a 2
out of five setting up in mastering AI
tools might take a little bit of time at
the start but content generation after
can be fast difficulty to earn your
first $100 I give a three out of five
the key is to find your first client
that you could then use to build your
portfolio and that would require
Outreach to start with number two an
online course online courses are a
really powerful side hustle because they
leverage your existing knowledge and let
you turn it into passive income and
there are so many tools and platforms
that let you do it without having an
audience even before I had a sizable
audience I had courses on skillshare
which I was earning money from so in
terms of how to get started firstly I'll
start by identifying a skill or an area
of expertise that you feel confident
about teaching that people come to you
for advice on secondly I'd validate your
idea by researching popular courses on
popular platforms and also using surveys
and having conversations with friends
and family to refine your topic and then
once you finalize your idea you need to
actually create your course material so
brainstorming your curriculum scripting
your lessons and recording your content
in terms of time investment I give this
three out of five creating a high
quality course could take months but
once you've done it once and set that up
it could generate passive income for you
continuously in terms of difficulty to
earn your first $100 I give this a three
out of five success really depends on
the demand for your topic and the
marketing efforts you don't need to have
an audience you can also run for
instance targeted ads or create a course
and put it on a platform that already
has viewers coming to it but having an
audience still fast tracks this number
three virtual assistant Services more
and more businesses are looking for
virtual assistance and it's not just
online businesses anymore it's also
physical businesses that are Outsourcing
I was recently speaking to my dentist
and they told me that they have a
virtual assistant handling all of their
customer follow-ups completely remotely
as a virtual assistant you take on task
like scheduling appointments managing
emails handling customer service or even
running social media accounts the role
is really quite flexible and allows you
to tailor your services to your
strengths in terms of time needed I give
this a three out of five you'll need
time to manage clients but what can be
flexible and in terms of difficulty to
earn your first $100 and give us a two
out of five if you put your services on
the right platform it could be quite
easy to find your first client number
four digital products creating and
selling a digital product is such a good
way to earn passive income with very
little upfront investment it could be an
ebook about something you're passionate
about it could be a CV template it could
be a budget tracker there are so many
ways to turn your skill into an income a
great example here is this person called
Tim who experimented with selling
digital products on Etsy and in a span
of his first 90 days he earned a total
of around $800 it might not sound like a
groundbreaking amount but knowing that
you've just earned that completely
passively with location and time Freedom
it's such a fulfilling feeling I
remember when I first sold my digital
product which was a CV template and I
was selling it for $20 and or the
equivalent and when I made my first sale
I was in a car when I saw the first
checkout and I thought I just made that
completely passively I wasn't even at my
desk I wasn't even doing anything
someone just saw my CV template and
bought it and the profit margins are so
high because you just need to create it
once and then you just keep on selling
it in terms of time intensity I'd give
to say three out of five it's pretty
easy to create a digital product if you
know what you're doing and you're
utilizing your skill in terms of earning
your first $100 I give this a four out
of five if you're using a platform like
Etsy you are competing with pretty much
millions of other sellers but if you
have your own marketing strategy and you
know exactly how you're selling your
product it's a lot easier and that is
where I wanted to also introduce today's
sponsor build your store AI if you've
been wanting to start your own online
business but you're getting stuck on the
technical setup or the complexity of
managing an e-commerce store build your
store AI removes those barriers it
automates the hardest parts of launching
an online business from setting up your
store and design to product optimization
everything is done for you and you just
need to focus on the marketing head over
to build your store AI I'll leave a link
in the description as well click build
your free store to get started the first
step is to enter your name and email
then choose your Niche choose the one
that aligns with your interest so that's
easy for you to promote in the long run
next pick your design from the available
option and tailor it as you need and
then once you're ready connected to
Shopify which currently offers a 3-month
free tral and then start selling with
your own all pre-selected proven winning
products what's even better is that
build your store AI comes with an app
that can automate Inventory management
and fulfillment so you can spend more
time focusing on growing your business
rather than handling all the logistics
what I love about this is that the
platform walks you through everything
step by step so you don't need much time
or technical knowledge to get started
just go to build your store. or click
the link in the Des description below
thank you build your store AI for
sponsoring today's video now moving on
to service-based side hustles and this
is for those of you who prefer
connecting with others and being a bit
more Hands-On and working with other
people first is coaching or tutoring
Services people are always looking to
learn and improve their skills and
offering personalized coaching service
oneto ones is a really good way to
monetize your expertise it can be one of
the most lucrative side hustles when
it's scaled because people pay a lot for
onetoone coaching for example example
Joanna lot who's a business coach who
instead of attracting a big audience to
sell her coaching to she's gone for a
very Niche approach she sells a mix of
personalized coaching programs and
digital marketing strategies and she now
charges Â£6,000 for one of her six Monon
onetoone coaching programs where she
helps people turn their passion into a
profit and she's creating content around
this for people to find her so to do
this think about the topics that your
passion about what are you always
talking about what is the content that
you keep consuming what are the things
that your friends and your and your
colleagues always come to you for then
do some research on if this has a market
so I'd recommend to start simply offer a
calendly link where people can pick your
brain for just 30 minutes about your
Niche topic for $50 or $100 launch it to
your friends and family on your
Instagram account or in your LinkedIn
account and you'll quickly find if there
is a demand for this and if there is and
you've got enough happy clients that's
evidence of an existing market and also
testimonials for the value you can
provide in terms of time needed I give
this a four out of five these sessions
can take up a lot of your time it is
active income and in terms of difficulty
to earn your first $100 I give this a
three out of five you want to price it
correctly especially when you're
starting out to not scare people off if
they don't even know you can deliber on
what you say you can offer then we have
event planning Services people are
constantly organizing events from
personal Milestones like birthday
parties to weddings to business focused
corporate meetings and conferences as an
event planner you're essentially taking
away all the organizational stress for
that company or that person and people
are willing to pay a lot of this to
Outsource that stress especially when it
comes to weddings or huge events for
this I'll start small offer to plan
events for families or friends to build
your portfolio to get the photos that be
able to Showcase what you can do then
build your network so collaborate with
local vendors Caterers photographers
florists have reliable contacts that can
make event planning smoother and more
efficient and then offer an expand your
services once you've established a
portfolio take on larger events weddings
Community functions Gatherings and
Market your services along the way
sharing your photos and testimonials on
Instagram Pinterest LinkedIn if you like
event organizing then this can be a
really fun way to turn your passion into
a side hustle in terms of time needed I
actually this a five out of five event
planning can be very very time intensive
and fully active income unless you hire
a team to do or Outsource that for you
in terms of difficulty to earn your
first $100 I give this a 2 out of five
it's possible once you've built up your
portfolio and landed your first client
and if your services are good this is
something that you can grow fast through
word of mouth and then we're moving on
to creative side hustles if you're
inspired by the idea of getting to
express your creativity through your
work then creative side hustles are for
you I'm going to start with video
editing because the more people I speak
to the more people I'm hearing want to
get into content creation and are
looking for a good editor with the
explosion of content creation comes the
demand of video editing and in fact this
was the first thing I hired for as my
channel grew businesses creators
influencers all over the world are
willing to pay for good edited polished
engaging videos personally my video
editor reached out to me with a sample
of one of my videos re-edited sent me an
email I gave them a shot and I've been
with the same editor for nearly two
years they started part-time and now
work for me full-time to start with you
can apply a similar approach reach out
to your favorite YouTuber or to other
small businesses and offer them a sample
of the editing work that you can do for
them in terms of time intensity I give
this a 4 and a half out of five I've
used to edit my own videos and it can
take a longer time especially if you're
looking for more advanced graphics in
terms of difficulty to earn your first
$100 I would say two out five there's a
really high demand for entry-level gigs
depending on the market next we'll move
on to web design every business needs an
online presence and not everyone has the
skills or the time to create a
professionall look website web design is
a lucrative Sid hustle with potential
for recurring income through also having
maintenance services attached to it link
started his WordPress development and
SEO company with only $30 in initial
cost and grew it to generate 263,000 by
2021 his business grew organically
through referrals and SEO basically
showing how your small startup can scale
even with a very minimum upfront
investment in terms of time intens this
is a four out of five designing and
testing can take a lot of time in terms
of difficulty to earn your first $100
I'll rank this a three out of five local
businesses are often open to hiring
depending on how you approach this it
essentially comes down to how you market
and sell yourself then graphic design
graphic design is at the heart of
branding marketing digital content
creation businesses all need logos they
need social media Graphics they need
promotional materials and it makes
graphic design a reliable and a
rewarding side hustle will Patterson for
example his journey began as a teenager
teaching himself Photoshop he learned
logo design and branding and started
sharing his work online while studying
business admin fast forward to today he
runs a branding agency that is all based
on his Design Services in terms of time
needed three out of five depends on how
complex the project is difficulty to
earn your first $100 2 out of five there
is a really high demand especially for
entry level Services here and writing
writing for businesses can be highly
profitable with the right approach
businesses of all sizes need quality
content to engage their customers build
their brand Drive sales but again most
people don't have time to do this if you
can offer your writing services in terms
of website copy product descriptions
email marketing with the rise of AI I'll
say that the demand for writing has
reduced but if you can offer this as a
service with research or with marketing
and prove how your previous writing has
increased conversion or increased open
rate for emails and that's what's going
to really make you stand out when it
comes to finding a client terms on time
needed 3 and a half out of five depends
on the project and the research required
in terms of difficulty to earn your
first $100 3 out five there's higher
earning potential with recurring clients
so those are some of what I believe are
the best side hustles to try out if you
like this video you might also enjoy
this video right here which is more of a
step-by-step guide in how to start a
side hustle without quitting your n five
thank you so much for watching don't
forget to subscribe if you haven't
already and see you then
</transcript>
</source>